URL: https://www.mouldinnovation.com/jobs/junior-graphic-designer
TITLE: Junior Graphic Designer
DESC: We are looking for a Junior Designer to create engaging designs according to requirements. You will work under the supervision of a Senior Designer to produce high-quality work.

In this role, you should be highly creative and have a sharp eye for details. If you’re passionate about design and eager to learn more, we’d like to meet you.

Your goal will be to create impactful designs that capture and promote our company vision.

We value creativity and innovation, and we offer a fun and energetic work environment where you can learn, grow, and make a real impact. If you're passionate about design and eager to join a dynamic team, we want to hear from you. Apply now!
OG_IMAGE: 

Junior Graphic Designer
top of page
Home
About
Projects
Services
SAAS
Careers
Contact Us
< Back
[H1]
Junior Graphic Designer
Apply Now
Kolkata, West Bengal, India
Job Type
Full Time
[H2]
About the Role
We are looking for a Junior Designer to create engaging designs according to requirements. You will work under the supervision of a Senior Designer to produce high-quality work.
In this role, you should be highly creative and have a sharp eye for details. If you’re passionate about design and eager to learn more, we’d like to meet you.
Your goal will be to create impactful designs that capture and promote our company vision.
We value creativity and innovation, and we offer a fun and energetic work environment where you can learn, grow, and make a real impact. If you're passionate about design and eager to join a dynamic team, we want to hear from you. Apply now!
[H2]
Requirements
[H3] RESPONSIBILITIES
Create visual design concepts and layouts for various projects
Work with the design team to develop and execute creative ideas
Produce print materials, such as brochures, posters, and packaging
Design graphics and layouts for digital media, such as social media posts, websites, and email campaigns
Collaborate with other teams, such as marketing and web development, to ensure that designs align with overall brand strategy
Help maintain design assets and project files
Continuously improve design skills and knowledge
[H3] QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in graphic design, visual communication, or a related field
1-2 years of experience in graphic design
Strong understanding of design principles and typography
Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign)
Strong portfolio showcasing design skills
Understanding of digital media and web design is a plus
Excellent attention to detail and ability to work in a fast-paced environment
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Strong ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously
This is a full-time position with competitive salary and benefits.
[H2]
About the Company
We bring incredible people together to make incredible things happen.
We're a band of phisolophers, free thinkers, geeks, ideators and doers on a mission to mould a better future for the world.
We are bound together by a common belief and value system - build great products and services for our customers and clients.
[H3] PERKS
Mentorship - We provide mentorship to our team members, giving them access to some of the best minds in the industry. #desiTonyStark
L&D - We're an organisation that takes professional development very seriously. We have developed world class learning modules and made some of the best resources available for our team members. If you have the will and discipline to learn, we have the intention of making you don as many professional hats as you can. #MasterOfAllJackOfNone
Growth - We have the opportunity to create do some wonderful work for our clients, which means we're always looking for talent that is willing to rise up the ranks and become more capable each day. Our global operations give you a perfect platform for professional and personal growth. #rise
Apply Now
[H4]
LET'S TALK!
Your goals, our expertise.
Send
Thanks for submitting!
Email Us:
hello@mouldinnovation.com | Tel: +91 99039 40000
Refund & Cancellation Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
© 2025 Mould Innovation Private Limited
bottom of page