URL: https://www.mouldinnovation.com/jobs/digital-marketing-intern
TITLE: Digital Marketing Intern
DESC: We are looking for an enthusiastic marketing intern to join our marketing department and provide creative ideas to help achieve our goals. You will have administrative duties in developing and implementing marketing strategies.

As a marketing intern, you will collaborate with our marketing and advertising team in all stages of marketing campaigns. Your insightful contribution will help develop, expand and maintain our marketing channels.

This internship will help you acquire marketing skills and provide you with knowledge of various marketing strategies. Ultimately, you will gain broad experience in marketing and should be prepared to enter any fast paced work environment.
OG_IMAGE: 

Digital Marketing Intern
top of page
Home
About
Projects
Services
SAAS
Careers
Contact Us
< Back
[H1]
Digital Marketing Intern
Apply Now
Kolkata, West Bengal, India
Job Type
Full Time
[H2]
About the Role
We are looking for an enthusiastic marketing intern to join our marketing department and provide creative ideas to help achieve our goals. You will have administrative duties in developing and implementing marketing strategies.
As a marketing intern, you will collaborate with our marketing and advertising team in all stages of marketing campaigns. Your insightful contribution will help develop, expand and maintain our marketing channels.
This internship will help you acquire marketing skills and provide you with knowledge of various marketing strategies. Ultimately, you will gain broad experience in marketing and should be prepared to enter any fast paced work environment.
[H2]
Requirements
[H3] KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
Assist in the development and implementation of digital marketing campaigns across various channels such as paid advertising, email marketing, content marketing, and more
Help to create and execute marketing plans and campaigns across various digital platforms such as Google, Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn
Monitor and analyze campaign performance, and make recommendations for optimization
Collaborate with other teams such as creative and account management to develop campaign assets and ensure alignment with overall marketing goals
Stay up-to-date with the latest digital marketing trends and best practices
Continuously seek out opportunities to improve and optimize digital marketing processes and strategies
Prepare promotional presentations
Help distribute marketing materials
Manage and update company database and customer relationship management systems (CRM)
Help organize marketing events
[H3] QUALIFICATIONS:
Currently pursuing a degree in Marketing, Communications or related field
Strong understanding of digital marketing channels and platforms
Strong analytical skills and ability to measure the success of campaigns
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong attention to detail and ability to multitask
Strong ability to create and execute creative digital marketing campaigns
Available to work a minimum of 20 hours per week
This is a part-time unpaid intern position with the possibility of conversion to a full-time position based on performance.
[H2]
About the Company
We bring incredible people together to make incredible things happen.
We're a band of phisolophers, free thinkers, geeks, ideators and doers on a mission to mould a better future for the world.
We are bound together by a common belief and value system - build great products and services for our customers and clients.
[H3] PERKS
Mentorship - We provide mentorship to our team members, giving them access to some of the best minds in the industry. #desiTonyStark
L&D - We're an organisation that takes professional development very seriously. We have developed world class learning modules and made some of the best resources available for our team members. If you have the will and discipline to learn, we have the intention of making you don as many professional hats as you can. #MasterOfAllJackOfNone
Growth - We have the opportunity to create do some wonderful work for our clients, which means we're always looking for talent that is willing to rise up the ranks and become more capable each day. Our global operations give you a perfect platform for professional and personal growth. #rise
Apply Now
[H4]
LET'S TALK!
Your goals, our expertise.
Send
Thanks for submitting!
Email Us:
hello@mouldinnovation.com | Tel: +91 99039 40000
Refund & Cancellation Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
© 2025 Mould Innovation Private Limited
bottom of page