URL: https://www.mouldinnovation.com/jobs/social-media-manager
TITLE: Social Media Manager
DESC: We are looking for a  talented Social media manager to administer the social media accounts of our clients.  You will be responsible for creating original text and video content,  managing posts and responding to followers. You will manage our company  image in a cohesive way to achieve our marketing goals.

As a Social media manager, we expect you to be up-to-date with the  latest digital technologies and social media trends. You should have  excellent communication skills and be able to administer campaigns for our clients with utmost creativity. 

As a Social Media Manager, you will be responsible for creating and implementing the social media strategy for our clients, managing and growing their social media presence, and engaging with their audiences. You will work closely with the creative and account teams to develop and execute social media campaigns that align with clients' overall marketing goals.
OG_IMAGE: 

Social Media Manager
top of page
Home
About
Projects
Services
SAAS
Careers
Contact Us
< Back
[H1]
Social Media Manager
Apply Now
Kolkata, West Bengal, India
Job Type
Full Time
[H2]
About the Role
We are looking for a talented Social media manager to administer the social media accounts of our clients. You will be responsible for creating original text and video content, managing posts and responding to followers. You will manage our company image in a cohesive way to achieve our marketing goals.
As a Social media manager, we expect you to be up-to-date with the latest digital technologies and social media trends. You should have excellent communication skills and be able to administer campaigns for our clients with utmost creativity.
As a Social Media Manager, you will be responsible for creating and implementing the social media strategy for our clients, managing and growing their social media presence, and engaging with their audiences. You will work closely with the creative and account teams to develop and execute social media campaigns that align with clients' overall marketing goals.
[H2]
Requirements
[H3] KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
Perform research on current benchmark trends and audience preferences
Develop and implement social media strategies for clients to increase brand awareness and engagement
Create and manage content calendar and plan, design, and execute campaigns across all social media platforms (Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, etc.)
Monitor and analyze social media metrics to measure the success of campaigns and make adjustments as needed
Collaborate with the creative and account teams to develop content that aligns with clients' overall marketing goals
Stay up-to-date with the latest social media trends and best practices to ensure campaigns are effective and innovative
Build and maintain relationships with clients, manage expectations and provide regular reporting on campaign performance
Manage and lead a team of social media executives and interns
Continuously seek out opportunities to improve and optimize social media processes and strategies
Design and implement social media strategy to align with business goals
Set specific objectives and report on ROI
Monitor SEO and web traffic metrics
Communicate with followers, respond to queries in a timely manner and monitor customer reviews
Oversee social media accounts’ design (e.g. Facebook timeline cover, profile pictures and blog layout)
Suggest and implement new features to develop brand awareness, like promotions and competitions
Stay up-to-date with current technologies and trends in social media, design tools and applications
[H3] QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Communications or related field
Minimum of 2-3 years of experience in social media management, preferably in an agency environment
Strong understanding of social media platforms and analytics tools
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong project management skills and ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Strong leadership skills and experience managing a team
Strong analytical skills and ability to measure the success of campaigns
Strong ability to create and execute creative social media campaigns
Proficient in graphic design, video editing and other creative tools is a plus
This is a full-time position with competitive salary and benefits.
At Mould Innovation, we value creativity, innovation, and teamwork, and we offer a fun and energetic work environment where you can learn, grow, and make a real impact. If you're passionate about social media and eager to join a dynamic team, we want to hear from you. Apply now!
[H2]
About the Company
We bring incredible people together to make incredible things happen.
We're a band of philosophers, free thinkers, geeks, ideators and doers on a mission to mould a better future for the world.
We are bound together by a common belief and value system - build great products and services for our customers and clients.
[H2] PERKS
Mentorship - We provide mentorship to our team members, giving them access to some of the best minds in the industry. #desiTonyStark
L&D - We're an organisation that takes professional development very seriously. We have developed world class learning modules and made some of the best resources available for our team members. If you have the will and discipline to learn, we have the intention of making you don as many professional hats as you can. #MasterOfAllJackOfNone
Growth - We have the opportunity to create do some wonderful work for our clients, which means we're always looking for talent that is willing to rise up the ranks and become more capable each day. Our global operations give you a perfect platform for professional and personal growth. #rise
Apply Now
[H4]
LET'S TALK!
Your goals, our expertise.
Send
Thanks for submitting!
Email Us:
hello@mouldinnovation.com | Tel: +91 99039 40000
Refund & Cancellation Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
© 2025 Mould Innovation Private Limited
bottom of page