URL: https://www.mouldinnovation.com/jobs/senior-graphic-designer
TITLE: Senior Graphic Designer
DESC: We are looking for a Graphic Designer to create engaging and on-brand graphics for a variety of media.
You will be expected to spearhead the entire process of defining requirements, visualizing and creating graphics including illustrations, logos, layouts and photos - and create brand guidelines. 

You’ll be the one to shape the visual aspects of websites, books, magazines, product packaging, exhibitions and more.

Your graphics should capture the attention of those who see them and communicate the right message. For this, you need to have a creative flair and a strong ability to translate requirements into design. If you can communicate well and work methodically as part of a team, we’d like to e-meet you. 

The goal is to inspire and attract the target audience for our clients.
OG_IMAGE: 

Senior Graphic Designer
top of page
Home
About
Projects
Services
SAAS
Careers
Contact Us
< Back
[H1]
Senior Graphic Designer
Apply Now
Kolkata, West Bengal, India
Job Type
Full Time
[H2]
About the Role
We are looking for a Graphic Designer to create engaging and on-brand graphics for a variety of media.
You will be expected to spearhead the entire process of defining requirements, visualizing and creating graphics including illustrations, logos, layouts and photos - and create brand guidelines.
You’ll be the one to shape the visual aspects of websites, books, magazines, product packaging, exhibitions and more.
Your graphics should capture the attention of those who see them and communicate the right message. For this, you need to have a creative flair and a strong ability to translate requirements into design. If you can communicate well and work methodically as part of a team, we’d like to e-meet you.
The goal is to inspire and attract the target audience for our clients.
[H2]
Requirements
[H3] KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
Lead the creation of visual design concepts and layouts for various projects
Work with the design team to develop and execute creative ideas
Produce print materials, such as brochures, posters, and packaging
Design graphics and layouts for digital media, such as social media posts, websites, and email campaigns
Collaborate with other teams, such as marketing and web development, to ensure that designs align with overall brand strategy
Mentor and guide junior designers and intern
Help maintain design assets and project files
Continuously improve design skills and knowledge
Study design briefs and determine requirements
Schedule projects and define budget constraints
Conceptualize visuals based on requirements
Prepare rough drafts and present ideas
Develop illustrations, logos and other designs using software or by hand
Use the appropriate colors and layouts for each graphic
Work with copywriters and creative director to produce final design
Test graphics across various media
Amend designs after feedback
Ensure final graphics and layouts are visually appealing and on-brand
[H3] QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's degree in graphic design, visual communication, or a related field
Minimum of 5 years of experience in graphic design, with at least 3 years in a senior or lead role
Strong understanding of design principles and typography
Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign)
Strong portfolio showcasing design skills
Understanding of digital media and web design is a plus
Excellent attention to detail and ability to work in a fast-paced environment
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Strong leadership skills, with experience mentoring and guiding junior designers
Strong ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously
This is a full-time position with competitive salary and benefits.
[H2]
About the Company
We bring incredible people together to make incredible things happen.
We're a band of phisolophers, free thinkers, geeks, ideators and doers on a mission to mould a better future for the world.
We are bound together by a common belief and value system - build great products and services for our customers and clients.
[H3] PERKS
Mentorship - We provide mentorship to our team members, giving them access to some of the best minds in the industry. #desiTonyStark
L&D - We're an organisation that takes professional development very seriously. We have developed world class learning modules and made some of the best resources available for our team members. If you have the will and discipline to learn, we have the intention of making you don as many professional hats as you can. #MasterOfAllJackOfNone
Growth - We have the opportunity to create do some wonderful work for our clients, which means we're always looking for talent that is willing to rise up the ranks and become more capable each day. Our global operations give you a perfect platform for professional and personal growth. #rise
Apply Now
[H4]
LET'S TALK!
Your goals, our expertise.
Send
Thanks for submitting!
Email Us:
hello@mouldinnovation.com | Tel: +91 99039 40000
Refund & Cancellation Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
© 2025 Mould Innovation Private Limited
bottom of page